the Australian rapper Iggy Azalea is
here with us tonight on the show there's
a very big next song called fancy it's
very catchy but if you're an older
person it might be hard to follow the
lyrics so tonight I'm gonna help
translate those lyrics in fact it's time
now to decipher new lyrics welcome maybe
Azalea Iggy
welcome welcome so um I'm thank you for
helping us with this important work
project shall we hash this thing out I
think we should okay so you begin you
know how this works you'll say a couple
lines and then I will explain what
friends write for okay all right here we
go
Iggy Azalea with the words to fancy all
right let's do it first things first I'm
the realest drop this and let the whole
world feeling that means I'm the most
authentic person you'll ever meet
I'm now gonna share that with everyone
through song
exactly and I'm still in the Murda
bizness I can hold you down like I'm
giving lessons in physics I kill people
professionally and I'm not sure what
giving lessons in physics means that's
basically just my aspirations uh to be a
teacher off to my rap career that's nice
educational yeah I'm getting it in early
oh my Lester all right okay we'll
continue next up you should want a bad
like this I mean but you should
like me your ever-lovin pick it up just
like this I lower my bottom and raise it
back up in a provocative a cup of goose
cup of Cris I have a drinking problem
high heels something worth a half a
ticket on my wrist that's tough
I wear uncomfortable shoes and very
expensive jewelry
exactly you can be a rapper thank you
taking all the liquor straight never
chase that again drinking problem
fair enough rooftop like we bringin 88
back now were you even alive in 1988
not even close okay now you know what
song was popular in 1988 get out of my
dreams and into my car by Billie oh you
know that song we should not go back to
them you should never go back to 1988
yes so maybe I make a scene okay yes you
continue bring the hooks in where the
bass up uh I will destroy my hearing and
enjoy it champagne spillin you should
taste that I'm clumsy clean up after me
I'm so fancy you already know she's
fancy but we don't need to be told that
because we know already in the fast lane
from LA to Tokyo she's a frequent flyer
I'm so fancy can't you taste this gold
I'm so fancy I eat gold remember my name
bout to blow now does that mean you're
gonna vomit all the goo soon means I'm
about to explode oh oh well then you
should probably get out of here for our
see here emotions about to explode be
very careful okay but we'll see you
later but thank you so much Iggy Azalea
you